$INSTALL

/* ---------------------------------------------- *\
 * If you downloaded this from github then ignore *
 * the $RECV instructions.                        *
 * BUT you will need to do a TSO RECEIVE of the   *
 * LOAD.XMIT file which is the load library.      *
\* ---------------------------------------------- */

To install this tool run the $RECV member from the ISPF 3.4 Edit member
list (as that provides the ability to enter EXEC next to the member).
That will receive the individual members of this PDS that are in TSO
Transmit format.

Optional:  Run the ASMJCL member if you want to assemble and linkedit
the 3 load modules - you do not have to as the load modules are already
in the provided load library.

Review and/or update the PDSEGENS REXX Exec which contains some local
settings. These are the current settings. In PDSEGENS is a description
of each and the supported options:

     Variable     Value           Comments
     higen       = 0               Set to 1 to always show higen entries
     clean       = 0               Set to 1 if APAR OA50214 is installed
     def_unit    = ''              Default unit for allocation for temp files
     etime       = 0               Set to 1 to always  show elapsed time
     mail        = 1               Set to 0 if XMITIP is not installed
     prune       = 1               Set to 0 to disable prompting with prune
                                  ** recommendation is leave it at 1
     base_color  = 'green'         Change for a different unsorted column color
     sort_color  = 'Turq'          Change for a different sort column color
     tempmem     = 'Z$Z@Z9Z8'      Change for different temp member name
     disp_change = 1               Set to 0 to not display the changes
                                   tutorial when the version changes

Suggestion: Install PDSEGMAT into LPA to improve its performance as it
is used frequently for member pattern matching. This is only if PDSEGEN
is heavily used. It is not a requirement.

ISPF Command Table Update

Update the ISPF command table, this could be the ISPCMDS or your site
command table, to add these (or variations) commands:

     Verb     Trunc Action
     PG       0     SELECT CMD(%PDSEGEN &ZPARM)
     PDSEGEN  5     SELECT CMD(%PDSEGEN &ZPARM)

Use the EXEC member PDSEGENX as an example of how to invoke this
application without copying the elements into existing libraries.  This
will use altlib and libdef. This exec can also be used to test the
package.

If you prefer to have the elements installed in a common set of
libraries then:

   1. Copy the PDSEGEN.EXEC into your SYSEXEC common library
   2. Copy the PDSEGEN.PANELS into your ISPF Panels common library
   3. Copy the PDSEGEN.LOAD into your common steplib, linklist or
      ISPLLIB library

Alternate installation for (1) and (2) is to use the ZSYNC application
(found in CBT file 314 or at www.lbdsoftware.com) to only copy the
updated EXEC and PANELS elements.

Check out the EXEC member PG which can be used if you do copy the
elements into a common set of libraries. Or you can delete PG and
rename PDSEGENX to PG for use.

NOTE: do not start PDSEGEN in APPLID of PDSE as that will bypass the
      creation of the ISPF command table environment for PDSEGEN.

Review the sample JCL in the ISPF Panels PDSEGHBJ and PDSEGHC, which are
the sample JCL for Batch Backup and Copy respectively, and make
appropriate changes for your installation.
